_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Site under construction"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
## Who am I?
I am an assistant professor at the National Centre for Nuclear
Research (NCBJ), Warsaw, Poland, and a senior researcher in the J-PET
project Jagiellonian University, Cracow, Poland.

Experimental physicist with a telecommunication engineering background
and a large experience in software development, Monte Carlo
simulations, data analysis, and experience in leading
scientific projects.

I am currently the leader of the J-PET Total Body Software group,
responsible for the preparation of medical data processing and image
reconstruction software for the next generation of cost-effective
total-body PET tomography scanners, and the NCBJ coordinator of the
National Supercomputing Infrastructure for [EuroHPC PL](https://www.ncbj.gov.pl/en/aktualne/eurohpc-pl-national-supercomputing-infrastructure-eurohpc) project.
Last but not least, I am still a curious physicist who wants to
understand the rules governing the quantum world, engaged in (too many
;-))  fundamental researches in the frame of international projects:
[LHCb](https://lhcb-public.web.cern.ch/), [J-PET](http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/pet/), and [KLOE-2](http://w3.lnf.infn.it/research/particle-physics/kloe-2/?lang=en).

## Contact
<br> High Energy Physics Division
<br> National Centre for Nuclear Research
<br> PL-05-400 Otwock, Świerk
<br> POLAND
<br> e-mail:<a href="mailto:wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl">wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl</a><br>

## Other Links 
<br> List of my <a href="http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/staff/wkrzemien">publications</a> at J-PET website (probably not fully updated)
<br> Profile on <a href="https://inspirehep.net/authors/1061521">HEP-Inspire</a>
<br> My previous page (still active): <a href="http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/~krzemien/ ">link</a>

Commit message:

Add link to Gate project

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Site under construction"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
## Who am I?
I am an assistant professor at the National Centre for Nuclear
Research (NCBJ), Warsaw, Poland, and a senior researcher in the J-PET
project Jagiellonian University, Cracow, Poland.

Experimental physicist with a telecommunication engineering background
and a large experience in software development, Monte Carlo
simulations, data analysis, and experience in leading
scientific projects.

I am currently the leader of the J-PET Total Body Software group,
responsible for the preparation of medical data processing and image
reconstruction software for the next generation of cost-effective
total-body PET tomography scanners, and the NCBJ coordinator of the
National Supercomputing Infrastructure for [EuroHPC PL](https://www.ncbj.gov.pl/en/aktualne/eurohpc-pl-national-supercomputing-infrastructure-eurohpc) project.
I am a member of the [OpenGate](http://opengatecollaboration.org/) steering committee.
Last but not least, I am still a curious physicist who wants to
understand the rules governing the quantum world, engaged in (too many
;-))  fundamental researches in the frame of international projects:
[LHCb](https://lhcb-public.web.cern.ch/), [J-PET](http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/pet/), and [KLOE-2](http://w3.lnf.infn.it/research/particle-physics/kloe-2/?lang=en).

## Contact
<br> High Energy Physics Division
<br> National Centre for Nuclear Research
<br> PL-05-400 Otwock, Świerk
<br> POLAND
<br> e-mail:<a href="mailto:wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl">wojciech.krzemien@ncbj.gov.pl</a><br>

## Other Links 
<br> List of my <a href="http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/staff/wkrzemien">publications</a> at J-PET website (probably not fully updated)
<br> Profile on <a href="https://inspirehep.net/authors/1061521">HEP-Inspire</a>
<br> My previous page (still active): <a href="http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/~krzemien/ ">link</a>
