_pages/students.md, before:

---
layout: archive
permalink: /students/
author_profile: true
---

{% include base_path %}

<!---
Project proposals
===

LHCb
----

In English:

*   General announcement - [Details](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_general_eng.pdf)
*   Physics - [Details](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_fizyka_eng.pdf)

Po polsku:

*   Ogłoszenie ogólne dla studentów fizyki, informatyki i kierunków pokrewnych - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_general_pl.pdf)
*   Poszukiwanie odstępstw od Modelu Standardowego - łamania symetrii CPT w układach mezonów - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_fizyka.pdf)

W ramach projektu J-PET:
---

*   Zastosowanie metod uczenia maszynowego do klasyfikacji zdarzeń wielofotonowych [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_machine_learning.pdf)
*   Tomografia trzyfotonowa (Monte Carlo, C++) - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_framework_3photonTomography.pdf)
*   Rozwój oprogramowania do tomografu J-PET (C++, Python) [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_general.pdf)

### Pozostałe tematy w ramach J-PETa:

*   Implementacja dynamicznego ładowania modułów obliczeniowych w ramach platformy J-PET Framework (C++)
*   Studia wykonywalności łamania symetrii dyskretnych lub rzadkich procesów rozpadu w układzie pozytonium

Inne:
-----
*   Generatory pseudolosowe w fizyce i w kryptografii - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/generatory.pdf)
-->

Supervision of Post-docs, PhD and Master students
===

Abbreviations: NCBJ - National Centre for Nuclear Research, UJ - Jagiellonian University, UW - University of Warsaw, PW - Warsaw University of Technology, PK - Cracow University of Technology, AGH - University of Science and Technology 

Projects in progress:
---

| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Aurelien Coussat | Post-doc, UJ | Software for Total-body J-PET: component-based normalization for J-PET scanners, various tools for image reconstruction and correction methods | 2022- | 
| Damian Trybek | Master  candidate, PK | Application of deep learning to mulitiphton classification  | 2022- | 
| Szymon Parzych, Dominik Panek | PhD candidates, UJ | Studies of coincidences filtration criteria and random estimates for Total-body J-PET scanner  | 2021- | 
| M. Kmieć | PhD candidate, NCBJ, co-supervision with prof. W. Wiślicki | Search for CPT violation in charm neutral meson system  | 2020- | 
| M. Mazurek | PhD candidate, NCBJ, co-supervision with prof. W. Wiślicki | Application of Convolutional Neural Networks for the LHCb electromagnetic calorimeter clusterization and development of fast simulations| 2019- |


Projects completed:
---

| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [Jakub Baran](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakubbaran) | Post-doc, UJ | Software for Total-body J-PET: MC simulations in view of scanner geometry optimization, various tools for image reconstruction and correction methods | 2021-2023 | 
| B. Kłósak |Master thesis, UJ, in cooperation with dr Elena Perez del Rio, formal supervisor from UJ: dr J. Duda | Klasyfikacja zdarzeń wielofotonowych w pozytonowej tomografii emisyjnej z użyciem technologii total-body J-PET | 2022 | 
| M. Bała|  Master thesis, UJ, formal supervisor from UJ: dr M. Silarski |Polarization formalisms and quantum entanglement in the positronium systems | 2022 | 
| Y. Fedorowa | Engineer's thesis, PW, co-supervision with dr K. Pęczalski | Design and implementation of multiphoton detection algorithms for the J-PET scanner | 2021 |
| M. Kmieć | master thesis, UJ | Studia łamania symetrii CPT w układach neutralnych mezonów zapachowych na detektorze LHCb | 2020 |
| [J. Bielecki](https://pl.linkedin.com/in/jan-bielecki) | master thesis, PW (co-supervision with dr hab. inż D. Kikoła)  | [Zastosowanie metod uczenia maszynowego do klasyfikacji zdarzen wielofotonowych w skanerze J-PET](http://pet.ncbj.gov.pl/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/JanBieleckiMasterThesis.pdf) | 2020 |
| [K. Rakoczy](https://pl.linkedin.com/in/kamil-rakoczy-6b18ba117/) | master thesis, UJ | [Adaptation of image reconstruction algorithms with time-of-flight for the J-PET tomography scanner](http://pet.ncbj.gov.pl/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/kamil-rakoczy-master-thesis.pdf) | 2019 |
| [R. Masełek](https://www.fuw.edu.pl/~rmaselek/) | student project, UW | [Towards 2+1 photon tomography: Energy-based selection of two 511 keV photons and a prompt photon with the J-PET scanner](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.00996) | 2018 |
| M. Bala | bachelor thesis, UJ | [Feasibility studies of discrete symmetries observations with the J-PET detector based on the Monte Carlo simulations](magisterki/bachelor_thesis_Mateusz_Bala.pdf)| 2018 |
| K. Rakoczy | bachelor thesis, UJ| [Development of the Event Display and the adaptation of various image reconstruction algorithms for the J-PET tomography scanner](magisterki/Kamil-Rakoczy_pracaLicencjacka.pdf) |2017 |
| K. Muzalewska | bachelor thesis, UJ| [Development of the option manager module in the frame of the J-Pet tomography software package](magisterki/KlaraMuzalewska_pracaLicencjacka.pdf)| 2017 |  
| [M .Skurzok](http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/staff/mskurzok) | Phd thesis, UJ ,auxillary supervisor with prof. Paweł Moskal | Search for eta-mesic helium via dd -> 3Henpi0 reaction by means of the WASA-at-COSY facility | 2016 |
| K. Turczyński | master thesis, UJ | Architektura typu API-centric – budowa aplikacji wieloplatformowej opartej o REST API | 2015 |
| M. Kowalski | master thesis, UJ | Nowoczesne frameworki sieciowe: AngularJS, Ember.js | 2015 |
| K. Stola | bachelor thesis, UJ | [Rozwój oprogramowania tomografu J-PET z uwzględnieniem paralelizacji obliczeń UJ] (magisterki/KStola_licencjat.pdf) | 2015 |
| T. Gruntowski | master thesis, UJ | [Software development and simulations for the J-PET tomography device](magisterki/t_gruntowski_thesis.pdf) | 2014 |
| A. Gruntowski | master thesis, UJ | [Development of a database module in the analysis framework for the J-PET detector](magisterki/MasterThesisAndrzejGruntowski.pdf) | 2014 |   
| M. Bała | student project, UJ | [Phantom generator](magisterki/JPET_Raport_Nr_6_2014_Phantom_Generator_Mateusz_Bala.pdf) | 2014 | 
| K. Stola and D. Trybek | student project, UJ | [Single Strip Event Display](magisterki/SingleStripEventDisplayReport.pdf) | 2013|

Commit message:

Move Damian's thesis to completed project session

_pages/students.md, after:

---
layout: archive
permalink: /students/
author_profile: true
---

{% include base_path %}

<!---
Project proposals
===

LHCb
----

In English:

*   General announcement - [Details](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_general_eng.pdf)
*   Physics - [Details](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_fizyka_eng.pdf)

Po polsku:

*   Ogłoszenie ogólne dla studentów fizyki, informatyki i kierunków pokrewnych - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_general_pl.pdf)
*   Poszukiwanie odstępstw od Modelu Standardowego - łamania symetrii CPT w układach mezonów - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/lhcb_fizyka.pdf)

W ramach projektu J-PET:
---

*   Zastosowanie metod uczenia maszynowego do klasyfikacji zdarzeń wielofotonowych [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_machine_learning.pdf)
*   Tomografia trzyfotonowa (Monte Carlo, C++) - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_framework_3photonTomography.pdf)
*   Rozwój oprogramowania do tomografu J-PET (C++, Python) [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/pet_general.pdf)

### Pozostałe tematy w ramach J-PETa:

*   Implementacja dynamicznego ładowania modułów obliczeniowych w ramach platformy J-PET Framework (C++)
*   Studia wykonywalności łamania symetrii dyskretnych lub rzadkich procesów rozpadu w układzie pozytonium

Inne:
-----
*   Generatory pseudolosowe w fizyce i w kryptografii - [Opis](../projekty_propozycje/generatory.pdf)
-->

Supervision of Post-docs, PhD and Master students
===

Abbreviations: NCBJ - National Centre for Nuclear Research, UJ - Jagiellonian University, UW - University of Warsaw, PW - Warsaw University of Technology, PK - Cracow University of Technology, AGH - University of Science and Technology 

Projects in progress:
---

| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Aurelien Coussat | Post-doc, UJ | Software for Total-body J-PET: component-based normalization for J-PET scanners, various tools for image reconstruction and correction methods | 2022- | 
| Szymon Parzych, Dominik Panek | PhD candidates, UJ | Studies of coincidences filtration criteria and random estimates for Total-body J-PET scanner  | 2021- | 
| M. Kmieć | PhD candidate, NCBJ, co-supervision with prof. W. Wiślicki | Search for CPT violation in charm neutral meson system  | 2020- | 
| M. Mazurek | PhD candidate, NCBJ, co-supervision with prof. W. Wiślicki | Application of Convolutional Neural Networks for the LHCb electromagnetic calorimeter clusterization and development of fast simulations| 2019- |


Projects completed:
---

| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [Damian Trybek]| Master thesis, PK | Application of deep learning methods for event classification in J-PET tomography | 2023 |
| [Jakub Baran](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakubbaran) | Post-doc, UJ | Software for Total-body J-PET: MC simulations in view of scanner geometry optimization, various tools for image reconstruction and correction methods | 2021-2023 | 
| B. Kłósak |Master thesis, UJ, in cooperation with dr Elena Perez del Rio, formal supervisor from UJ: dr J. Duda | Klasyfikacja zdarzeń wielofotonowych w pozytonowej tomografii emisyjnej z użyciem technologii total-body J-PET | 2022 | 
| M. Bała|  Master thesis, UJ, formal supervisor from UJ: dr M. Silarski |Polarization formalisms and quantum entanglement in the positronium systems | 2022 | 
| Y. Fedorowa | Engineer's thesis, PW, co-supervision with dr K. Pęczalski | Design and implementation of multiphoton detection algorithms for the J-PET scanner | 2021 |
| M. Kmieć | master thesis, UJ | Studia łamania symetrii CPT w układach neutralnych mezonów zapachowych na detektorze LHCb | 2020 |
| [J. Bielecki](https://pl.linkedin.com/in/jan-bielecki) | master thesis, PW (co-supervision with dr hab. inż D. Kikoła)  | [Zastosowanie metod uczenia maszynowego do klasyfikacji zdarzen wielofotonowych w skanerze J-PET](http://pet.ncbj.gov.pl/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/JanBieleckiMasterThesis.pdf) | 2020 |
| [K. Rakoczy](https://pl.linkedin.com/in/kamil-rakoczy-6b18ba117/) | master thesis, UJ | [Adaptation of image reconstruction algorithms with time-of-flight for the J-PET tomography scanner](http://pet.ncbj.gov.pl/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/kamil-rakoczy-master-thesis.pdf) | 2019 |
| [R. Masełek](https://www.fuw.edu.pl/~rmaselek/) | student project, UW | [Towards 2+1 photon tomography: Energy-based selection of two 511 keV photons and a prompt photon with the J-PET scanner](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.00996) | 2018 |
| M. Bala | bachelor thesis, UJ | [Feasibility studies of discrete symmetries observations with the J-PET detector based on the Monte Carlo simulations](magisterki/bachelor_thesis_Mateusz_Bala.pdf)| 2018 |
| K. Rakoczy | bachelor thesis, UJ| [Development of the Event Display and the adaptation of various image reconstruction algorithms for the J-PET tomography scanner](magisterki/Kamil-Rakoczy_pracaLicencjacka.pdf) |2017 |
| K. Muzalewska | bachelor thesis, UJ| [Development of the option manager module in the frame of the J-Pet tomography software package](magisterki/KlaraMuzalewska_pracaLicencjacka.pdf)| 2017 |  
| [M .Skurzok](http://koza.if.uj.edu.pl/staff/mskurzok) | Phd thesis, UJ ,auxillary supervisor with prof. Paweł Moskal | Search for eta-mesic helium via dd -> 3Henpi0 reaction by means of the WASA-at-COSY facility | 2016 |
| K. Turczyński | master thesis, UJ | Architektura typu API-centric – budowa aplikacji wieloplatformowej opartej o REST API | 2015 |
| M. Kowalski | master thesis, UJ | Nowoczesne frameworki sieciowe: AngularJS, Ember.js | 2015 |
| K. Stola | bachelor thesis, UJ | [Rozwój oprogramowania tomografu J-PET z uwzględnieniem paralelizacji obliczeń UJ] (magisterki/KStola_licencjat.pdf) | 2015 |
| T. Gruntowski | master thesis, UJ | [Software development and simulations for the J-PET tomography device](magisterki/t_gruntowski_thesis.pdf) | 2014 |
| A. Gruntowski | master thesis, UJ | [Development of a database module in the analysis framework for the J-PET detector](magisterki/MasterThesisAndrzejGruntowski.pdf) | 2014 |   
| M. Bała | student project, UJ | [Phantom generator](magisterki/JPET_Raport_Nr_6_2014_Phantom_Generator_Mateusz_Bala.pdf) | 2014 | 
| K. Stola and D. Trybek | student project, UJ | [Single Strip Event Display](magisterki/SingleStripEventDisplayReport.pdf) | 2013|
